# EventV3

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ConnectedSessionId** | Pointer to **string** | The ID of the session to reference. The session must be in &#x60;closed&#x60; state. Otherwise, the API call will fail. | [optional] 
**Id** | **int64** | The internal ID of this entity. | 
**Created** | **time.Time** | The time this entity was created. | 
**ApplicationId** | **int64** | The ID of the Application that owns this entity. | 
**ProfileId** | Pointer to **string** | ID of the customer profile set by your integration layer.  **Note:** If the customer does not yet have a known &#x60;profileId&#x60;, we recommend you use a guest &#x60;profileId&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**StoreIntegrationId** | Pointer to **string** | The integration ID of the store. You choose this ID when you create a store. | [optional] 
**Type** | **string** | The name of the event. Must be a [custom event](https://docs.talon.one/docs/dev/concepts/entities/events#custom-events), not a built-in event. | 
**Attributes** | **map[string]interface{}** | Arbitrary additional JSON data associated with the event. | 
**IntegrationId** | Pointer to **string** | The unique ID of the event. Only one event with this ID can be registered.  | [optional] 
**Effects** | **[]map[string]interface{}** | An array of effects generated by the rules of the enabled campaigns of the Application.  You decide how to apply them in your system. See the list of [API effects](https://docs.talon.one/docs/dev/integration-api/api-effects).  | 

## Methods

### NewEventV3

`func NewEventV3(id int64, created time.Time, applicationId int64, type_ string, attributes map[string]interface{}, effects []map[string]interface{}, ) *EventV3`

NewEventV3 instantiates a new EventV3 object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewEventV3WithDefaults

`func NewEventV3WithDefaults() *EventV3`

NewEventV3WithDefaults instantiates a new EventV3 object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetConnectedSessionId

`func (o *EventV3) GetConnectedSessionId() string`

GetConnectedSessionId returns the ConnectedSessionId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectedSessionIdOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetConnectedSessionIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetConnectedSessionIdOk returns a tuple with the ConnectedSessionId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectedSessionId

`func (o *EventV3) SetConnectedSessionId(v string)`

SetConnectedSessionId sets ConnectedSessionId field to given value.

### HasConnectedSessionId

`func (o *EventV3) HasConnectedSessionId() bool`

HasConnectedSessionId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetId

`func (o *EventV3) GetId() int64`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *EventV3) SetId(v int64)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetCreated

`func (o *EventV3) GetCreated() time.Time`

GetCreated returns the Created field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetCreatedOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedOk returns a tuple with the Created field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreated

`func (o *EventV3) SetCreated(v time.Time)`

SetCreated sets Created field to given value.


### GetApplicationId

`func (o *EventV3) GetApplicationId() int64`

GetApplicationId returns the ApplicationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetApplicationIdOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetApplicationIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetApplicationIdOk returns a tuple with the ApplicationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetApplicationId

`func (o *EventV3) SetApplicationId(v int64)`

SetApplicationId sets ApplicationId field to given value.


### GetProfileId

`func (o *EventV3) GetProfileId() string`

GetProfileId returns the ProfileId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProfileIdOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetProfileIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProfileIdOk returns a tuple with the ProfileId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProfileId

`func (o *EventV3) SetProfileId(v string)`

SetProfileId sets ProfileId field to given value.

### HasProfileId

`func (o *EventV3) HasProfileId() bool`

HasProfileId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStoreIntegrationId

`func (o *EventV3) GetStoreIntegrationId() string`

GetStoreIntegrationId returns the StoreIntegrationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStoreIntegrationIdOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetStoreIntegrationIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStoreIntegrationIdOk returns a tuple with the StoreIntegrationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStoreIntegrationId

`func (o *EventV3) SetStoreIntegrationId(v string)`

SetStoreIntegrationId sets StoreIntegrationId field to given value.

### HasStoreIntegrationId

`func (o *EventV3) HasStoreIntegrationId() bool`

HasStoreIntegrationId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetType

`func (o *EventV3) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *EventV3) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.


### GetAttributes

`func (o *EventV3) GetAttributes() map[string]interface{}`

GetAttributes returns the Attributes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAttributesOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetAttributesOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetAttributesOk returns a tuple with the Attributes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAttributes

`func (o *EventV3) SetAttributes(v map[string]interface{})`

SetAttributes sets Attributes field to given value.


### GetIntegrationId

`func (o *EventV3) GetIntegrationId() string`

GetIntegrationId returns the IntegrationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIntegrationIdOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetIntegrationIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIntegrationIdOk returns a tuple with the IntegrationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIntegrationId

`func (o *EventV3) SetIntegrationId(v string)`

SetIntegrationId sets IntegrationId field to given value.

### HasIntegrationId

`func (o *EventV3) HasIntegrationId() bool`

HasIntegrationId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEffects

`func (o *EventV3) GetEffects() []map[string]interface{}`

GetEffects returns the Effects field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEffectsOk

`func (o *EventV3) GetEffectsOk() (*[]map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetEffectsOk returns a tuple with the Effects field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEffects

`func (o *EventV3) SetEffects(v []map[string]interface{})`

SetEffects sets Effects field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


